Add Parallel Agents documentation (#53535)
zed-industries/zed: docs/src/tasks.md

}
```

## Hooks

> In addition to being spawned manually, tasks can be configured to run automatically in response to certain Zed events by adding one or more hooks to the `hooks` field on a task template. A task with a matching hook will be resolved and spawned when that event fires.

Reviewer: We currently only support one hook so this isn't fully accurate (yet). Not sure if we should change the wording or leave it

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to being spawned manually, tasks can be configured to run automatically in response to certain Zed events by adding a hook to the `hooks` field on a task template. A task with a matching hook will be resolved and spawned when that event fires.
```

Updated to only refer to one for now

The following hooks are currently supported:

> - `create_worktree` — runs after Zed creates a new linked git worktree (for example, via the agent's worktree workflow). The task is spawned with `ZED_WORKTREE_ROOT` pointing at the newly created worktree and `ZED_MAIN_GIT_WORKTREE` pointing at the original repository's working directory, which makes these hooks well suited to copying untracked files (such as `.env` files) or running per-worktree setup commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `create_worktree` — runs after Zed creates a new linked Git worktree, either directly through the CLI or through the UI with the worktree modal. The task is spawned with `ZED_WORKTREE_ROOT` pointing at the newly created worktree and `ZED_MAIN_GIT_WORKTREE` pointing at the original repository's working directory, which makes these hooks well-suited to copying untracked files (such as `.env` files) or running per-worktree setup commands.
```

Quick tweaks here as there isn't anymore a "agent's worktree workflow"; it's a general Zed feature now.
